[documentation] timetable error code precision (#3800)
hove-io/navitia: documentation/slate/source/includes/apis.md

|route|[route](#route)|The route of the schedule|
|date_times|Array of [pt-date-time](#pt-date-time)|When does a bus stops at the stop point|
|stop_point|[stop_point](#stop-point)|The stop point of the schedule|

> |additional_informations|[additional_informations](#additional-informations)|Other informations, when no departures<br> enum values:<ul><li>date_out_of_bounds: Navitia has no information for this date in its database</li><li>no_departure_this_day: there is no departure during the date (for example a sunday)</li><li>no_active_circulation_this_day: there is no more journeys, the line is closed</li><li>terminus: there will never be departure, you're in the terminus of the line</li><li>partial_terminus: be careful, some buses will stop here</li><li>active_disruption: no departure, due to a disruption</li></ul>|

Reviewer: Those are ideas, pick what you want:
```suggestion
|additional_informations|[additional_informations](#additional-informations)|Other informations, when no departures<br> enum values:<ul><li>date_out_of_bounds: dataset loaded in Navitia doesn't cover this date</li><li>no_departure_this_day: there is no departure during the date (for example a sunday)</li><li>no_active_circulation_this_day: there is no more journeys, the line is closed</li><li>terminus: there will never be departure, you're at the terminus of the line</li><li>partial_terminus: same as terminus, but be careful, some vehicles are departing from the stop some other days</li><li>active_disruption: no departure, due to a disruption</li></ul>|
```

Also, I don't get the difference between `no_departure_this_day` and `no_active_circulation_this_day` :thinking:

Author: Tx a lot. I will enhance the no_active_circulation_this_day comment

Reviewer: :+1: Clearer now.
Although `no_active_circulation_this_day` is not a super clear name, but description seems accurate now.
